## App purpose
Multipage Dash app for YouTube video search and analysis. AI features implemented to improve the user journey in searching videos, comparing and learning.<br>

Under development-to join the [Charming Data Community](https://charming-data.circle.so/c/ai-python-projects/august-project-ai-sentiment-analysis-of-videos) Project initiative <br>

# Main App features
1. search videos by topic. You Tube API running in the background. Capability to interactively refine the search (e.g. published Data, max returned results) via the the control panel.
2. Summary table listing the retrieved videos. This is ag-grid table with selectable rows. 
3. Video details cards including 150 words summary together with other details as descriptions, views, links etc.. The summary is generated by the AI starting from the video transcript. Card content is generated according to the selection in the summary table.
4. Video comments collected and stored to perform the sentiment analysis and evaluate a video-comments average sentiment score. Sentiment Analysis is implemented by usign LLM. A score from -10 (negative) to 10 (max positive) is assigned for each comment. An interactive plotly visualization provide an overview of the sentiment for all retrieved videos.
5. Video Semantic Clustering assisted by the AI. Embedding generated for each videos. PCA technique applied for dimensionality reduction - from n-dim to 2 dim. An interactive plotly visualization helps to identify videos groups with similar/different content. 
6. App style based on bootstrap standard themes with some  css customization.
7. Dash store as key component to share video search results between callback and maintain data during the browser session. This allow for data persistency in case of page refresh (e.g. navigate across pages)   

## Known Code Limitations, potential improvements and  other important notes
xxxxx <br>

## App structure (TO BE UPDATED)

```bash
dash-app-structure

|-- .env
|-- .gitignore
|-- data
|-- License
|-- README.md
|-- assets  
|-- components
|   |-- get_components_country.py
|   |-- get_components_home.py
|-- pages
|   |-- Home.py
|   |-- World.py
|   |-- Countries.py
|   |-- Conflictsindex.py
|-- utils
|   |-- settings.py
|-- app.py
|-- requirements.txt

```

<br>

## Subfolders Details
### utils
code to retrieve the environment vars (OPENAI_API_KEY)
### components
support functions to build components instantiated in the pages layout
### pages
pages layout code and callbacks
### python version
python311
